fix: style compliance, tense, capitalization (#8420)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/collector/custom-collector.md

> distribution, making it easy to build a distribution that includes their custom

Reviewer: On the line above, can you capitalize Builder?

> components along with components that are publicly available.

Reviewer: Let's shorten this paragraph a little.

You can use the [OpenTelemetry Collector
Builder][ocb] (or `ocb` for short) to assemble your own
distribution that includes custom
components, upstream components, and other publicly available components.

As part of the process, the `ocb` generates the Collector's source code,
which you can use to build and debug your own custom components.

> ## Step 1 - Install the builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install the Builder
```

> {{% alert title="Note" %}}

Reviewer: I think we should pull this content out of an admonition and make a new section called `## Prerequisites` that comes before the steps.

```sh
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -fL -o ocb \
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/releases/download/cmd%2Fbuilder%2Fv0.139.0/ocb_0.139.0_linux_ppc64le
chmod +x ocb
```

{{% /tab %}} {{% tab "macOS (AMD 64)" %}}

```sh
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -fL -o ocb \
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/releases/download/cmd%2Fbuilder%2Fv0.139.0/ocb_0.139.0_darwin_amd64
chmod +x ocb
```

{{% /tab %}} {{% tab "macOS (ARM 64)" %}}

```sh
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -fL -o ocb \
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/releases/download/cmd%2Fbuilder%2Fv0.139.0/ocb_0.139.0_darwin_arm64
chmod +x ocb
```

{{% /tab %}} {{% tab "Windows" %}}

```powershell
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri "https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/releases/download/cmd%2Fbuilder%2Fv0.139.0/ocb_0.139.0_windows_amd64.exe" -OutFile "ocb.exe"
Unblock-File -Path "ocb.exe"
```

{{% /tab %}} {{< /tabpane >}}

To make sure the `ocb` is ready to use, go to your terminal and type
`./ocb help`. When you press enter, you should see the output of the `help`
command in your console.

> ## Step 2 - Create a builder manifest file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the Builder
```

The builder's `manifest` file is a YAML file where you provide information about the
code generation and compile process combined with the components you would
like to add to your Collector's distribution.

The `manifest` starts with a map named `dist` which contains tags to help you
configure the code generation and compile process. In fact, all the tags for
`dist` are equivalent to the `ocb` command line `flags`.

> Here are the tags for the `dist` map:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the options for configuring the `dist` section of the manifest. 
```

| description:     | A long name for the application.                                           | Yes      | `Custom OpenTelemetry Collector distribution`                                            |
| output_path:     | The path to write the output (sources and binary).                         | Yes      | `/var/folders/86/s7l1czb16g124tng0d7wyrtw0000gn/T/otelcol-distribution3618633831`        |
| version:         | The version for your custom OpenTelemetry Collector.                       | Yes      | `1.0.0`                                                                                  |
| go:              | Which Go binary to use to compile the generated sources.                   | Yes      | go from the PATH                                                                         |

As you can see in the table above, all the `dist` tags are optional. You add
custom values for them depending on whether you intend to make your
custom Collector distribution available for consumption by other users or if you

> are simply using the `ocb` to bootstrap your component development and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are using the `ocb` to bootstrap your component development and
```

testing environment.

> For this tutorial, you create a Collector's distribution to support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, you create a Collector's distribution to support
```

the development and testing of components.

> Go ahead and create a manifest file named `builder-config.yaml` with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a manifest file named `builder-config.yaml` with the
```

  output_path: ./otelcol-dev
```

Now add the modules representing the components you want
incorporated in this custom Collector distribution. Take a look at the
[ocb configuration documentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/cmd/builder#configuration)

> to understand the different modules and how to add the components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add modules for the components you want
to include in this custom Collector distribution. See the
[ocb configuration documentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/cmd/builder#configuration)
to understand the different modules and how to add components.
```

> ## Step 3a - Generate the code and build your Collector's distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generate the code and build your Collector's distribution
```

{{% alert title="Note" %}}

This step builds your custom Collector distribution using the `ocb`
binary. If you would like to build and deploy your custom Collector distribution
to a container orchestrator (for example, Kubernetes), skip this step and go to

> [Step 3b](#step-3b---containerize-your-collectors-distribution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section instructs you to build your custom Collector distribution using the `ocb`
binary. If you would like to build and deploy your custom Collector distribution
to a container orchestrator, such as Kubernetes, skip this section and see 
[Containerize your Collector's Distribution](#step-3b---containerize-your-collectors-distribution).
```

{{% /alert %}}

Now let the `ocb` do its job. Go to your terminal and type
the following command:

```sh
./ocb --config builder-config.yaml
```

> If everything went well, here is what the output of the command looks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of the command looks
```

```

> You can now use the generated code to bootstrap your component development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the generated code to bootstrap your component development
```

projects and easily build and distribute your own Collector distribution with
your components.

## Step 3b - Containerize your Collector's distribution

{{% alert title="Note" %}}

This step builds your Collector distribution inside a `Dockerfile`. Follow

> this step if you need to deploy your Collector distribution to a container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section teaches you to build your Collector distribution inside a `Dockerfile`. Follow
these instructions if you need to deploy your Collector distribution to a container
```

that the resulting Collector distribution binary matches the target container
architecture (for example, `linux/arm64`, `linux/amd64`):

> ```dockerfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

>     --name otelcol <collector_distribution_image_name>:<version>

Reviewer: On line 335 above, can you change OCB to `ocb`?
